one residential apartment in jabalia
refugee camp was targeted by an Israeli
air
strike paramedics and civil defense
Crews came to the scene and started to
recover bodies of the
victims the aftermath of this intense
air strike is clearly
visible this graphic scene of a dead
Palestinian stuck to the outer walls of
the building no one has been able to
reach and recover the body
heart-wrenching scenes search and rescue
operations are still underway by the
civil defense teams as well as people
who live nearby body parts are strewn
all over the
place this is a residential building as
you can see it was hit by missiles
without any warning dozens were killed
and injured we hardly came over to see
those appalling images look at that body
hanger from the wall this defies
Humanity may God punish all of those
responsible we have been displaced for
months we have nowhere to go the
residential multistory building and the
one over there were pounded by the
Israeli war planes only women and
children were taking shelter inside the
Bloods of those innocent children will
haunt Israel and all those watching in
silence we're still collecting victim's
pieces of Flesh and body parts from
under the rubble
in an air strike the Israeli forces
shell these residential buildings with a
wave of missiles they targeted the upper
floors as a result large numbers of
women and children were killed or
injured many are still buried under the
debris our teams are finding it
difficult to recover the dead as you can
see some of the victim's bodies are
stuck and remain hanging on the
walls as you can see some of the bodies
are still stuck under the concrete ruins
Medics and civil defense teams are using
their bare hands trying to recover the
victims all what is left of
them we were headed to Kamal adwan
Hospital in response to a stress call as
we heard the explosion we turned back to
this area I came to see the upper three
floors toppled over my family my father
mother sister were killed a second
sister and uncle are still missing and
we are still searching for for them that
is my father's dead body we are trying
to recover may God grant us patience and
Solace the Israeli occupation forces
continue to Target innocent Palestinian
civilians the last of which was these
residential buildings dozens were killed
and injured many are still missing
buried under the
debris make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler